Ah what are you doing
Go to sleep!
But people are not ready
I sleep on the sofa and you sleep on the bed
If you're not ready
Just me on the bed, you on the sofa
We are ready.
Good night Macabacca
Jewelry design for Imperial Heart
It turns out that Li Zeyan's design skills are so powerful
Sure enough, serious men are the most handsome.
Miss Su
What do you want?
I'm looking at your design draft, how about it?
general
It's average there.
bastard
Grandpa deliberately made the city full of storms
Do you want me to promise you to marry her?
Grandpa
I already told you
I want to marry her
But you don't promise me
Get engaged
Our Li family can't afford to lose face
Yes!
Young Master Li is too affectionate
Even I almost believed it
But don't forget
We're just in a contractual marriage, right?
OK
It's not that you're too tempting
I almost wanted to fake it
I dare not, but
I will do what I promised you
Then it depends on your performance
What are you going to do next?
Of course, by making the Su Group ours
You can't take away every stitch and thread of the Su family and search them.